---
title: Global Politics (historical)
description: reading class
categories: 
- 2020春
- Global Politica
tags:
- history
---
## Part I
The first chapter, with the topic of “Garibaldi’s question”, described background events before the meeting between Giuseppe Garibaldi, champion of Italian reunification, and Henry Shelton Sanford, the diplomat of the US to Belgium, in 1861, and finally raised fundamental questions about the civil war.

Garibaldi was invited to lead the Union army with the help of James W. Quiggle, who was one official from James Buchanan’s government and still working as a US consul in Belgium. Quiggle inspired Garibaldi in their private letters, writing that commanding would bring him honour and pride, also explained Union policy regarding Garibaldi’s question. From this honest perspective, the only goal of Union is to maintain power and dignity by resorting power domestically and externally; however, this strengthening of power may bring an end to slavery.

Quiggle’s communications may be regarded as inconsiderable and rash in peaceful eras, but William Seward, Lincoln’s secretary, gave him a title of the unofficial head of secret service operations in Europe. Seward not only approved his persuasion on Garibaldi but also elevated the Union’s target from domestic rebellion to universal human freedom.

Garibaldi had undoubtedly benefited from this promise: firstly, Garibaldi used this passage as pressure to King Victor Emmanuel II, by threatening to leave for America, which will certainly inspire the Italian to protest, to force the king to march on Rome, but this offended the king and ended up as a delay to his answer. Moreover, his conditions of military rank and power to emancipate the black slaveries were satisfied by messager, the private sectary of the US minister to Italy, although only permitted orally. In contrast, this permission led to disappointment later on, in the meeting with Sanford.

For the military rank, what frustrated Garibaldi was that he was only appointed one army, instead of the commander in chief of all Union armed forces. Besides, there was not sufficient enough an excuse on slavery for the Union. As a result, the negotiation broke and Sanford left, eventually made up a story, portraying Garibaldi as a conceited general concentrated on military rank instead of slavery.

Although this meeting ended up in dissatisfaction, the event brought up the potential power of the press and mass media, considering diplomatic relationships; also, the substantial problem of the domestic war, whether it was desiring liberation, or only focusing power and land, was worthy to contemplate for the Union.


The second chapter continued the discussion mentioned at the end of last chapter: why the civil war is unavoidable?

The fire-eaters (radical secessionists) insisted that secession is the only way to maintain Statue Quo, referring to slavery and white-dominance society, and opposite would only lead to catastrophes. With this belief, from 1861, more and more states issued declaration. Moreover, they declared that not only abolishment was harmful for trade but showing slavery baldly to the international society was against free trade with European countries. Instead of extinction, they decided to form another group, named “permanent federal government” to establish a government of their own, led by Jefferson Davis.　　
Jefferson, on his speech of oath, gave a not satisfying presentation, but was saved by the vice president, Alexander Stephens. He announced “Cornerstone Speech”, admitting that slavery was the core of rebellion and repudiated equality, already later denied all his speeches.　　
The third chapter mainly talked about the start of Lincoln’s government and crisis that he was facing at that time.　　
The south claimed that separation is a legal method to achieve independence, while the Union announced to the world as a rebellion, and Lincoln pointed out that although he had no constitutional right to interfere slavery, but the desire for autonomy controversies with democratic rule, namely sovereignty from people and governance by majority. Therefore, when the South threatened the world to deprive the support of cotton, the Union made a more forceful threat to get the world involved in this civil war.　　
Different from the careless speech of Jefferson Davis mentioned above, Lincoln sought support and advice from Seward, who revised the draft until languages of the speech were soft enough to comfort the people, without any evidence showing the party is going to abolish slavery, also raising the simple civil war to a internationally important crisis.　　
After his inauguration, Lincoln assigned his supporters, regardless former experience and language skills, new ambassadors as praise for loyalty. As a president with little knowledge about foreign affairs, Lincoln relied largely on his sectary, Seward, who was not loyal to the president as his guider and tutor due to frustrated ambition to be prime minister, challenged the president with inappropriate memos on political affairs. He wrote careful instructions, appropriate to individual ambassadors, about basic principles of the Union: first and foremost, the civil war is defined as a riot in an inseparable country; second, the Union’s sole goal is to protect national self-preservation, instead of abolition; lastly, any nation that recognizer or support the rebellion is taking the risk of war with the US.　　
Apart from all mentioned above, Seward launched an annual publication of official documents of the State Department, which constructed a satisfying image of the government which dares to show all goals to the world. Also, he employed secret agents abroad to help influence people’s opinions, partially controlling foreign media and people’s sympathy. However, the fundamental questions were remained unanswered.
