---
title: International Japanese Studies in Global Perspective
description: takeways of the PUSHIEST Anthropology I've ever had
categories: 
- 2020春
tags:
- International Japanese Studies
---

## wk1 05-14
Both the article and the piece of news gave me new ways of considering the problem. From the article, although I already know possible reasons of Asian-American stereotype phenomenon, namely genes and education, the article provided me with plausible rebuts of the myth, such as the starting point of the first group of immigrants might differ from native dwellers, the statistics of samples that come from high-income states of the U.S. raising the average income, and bias has to be considered.  

However, the idea from the piece of news doesn’t seem convincing enough. It declared that overachievers who come to an unfamiliar continent without relationships and has to earn independent lives just happen to be Asians. The same situation happened on immigrants of other races as well, who haven’t reached as a glorious achievement as Asians. So, the randomity is not valid evidence.  


Undoubtedly, labelling is an easy and convenient way to summary a group, since it summarizes a group with a few features. As the proud host of the continent, native-born white tended to look “down” upon the immigrants, and the dominators had full reasons to think simply. While, in contrast, Asian tended to look “up” upon the whites as invaders of Asia, not to mention getting on the land of invaders’. Therefore, they unconsciously or might deliberately behaved well enough not only to earn a living at a new continent but also to seek a sense of identity from the approval of natives.  

Whether the “obedience” feature was assigned deliberately or just abstracted from the inner characteristic of the Asian race still needs anthropological evidence, but there is one thing for certain: the Asian “model” acted as a substitute of black slaves and undercutter, demanding not only less salary but also performing as citizens who are easy to manage and control, which eventually benefited the whites with relatively high status. There could be a possibility like this: the Asian were given the special identification to strengthen the stereotype, the obedient, polite, dependent yellow race who are gifted at math; and later on, in the following decades, the assertion had a converse impact on other races: they act more stereotypically “Unasian” to avoid being Asian, which even makes the theory more plausible.

## wk2 05-19  

Pros and cons of Pan-Asia opinion  
Pros:  
1)	Convenient for whites to label all yellow faces  
2)	Asians’ discourse power centralized and strengthened as a unity  

Cons:  
1)	Ignorance of difference among different nations  
2)	Consolidation of stereotypes  


The paper mentions several stages of recognition of Asian-Americans, with reasons for their developments.  
1.	The 1800s-1900s: Mainly occupying labor-intensive and agricultural work, Asian-American immigrants were deprived and thus formed Asian Town, which is regarded as dark and inscrutable.  
2.	The 1900s-1960s: The impression of Chinese Americans and Japanese Americans once merged under a circumstance of immigrant law, but in 1937 the impression of Japanese dropped due to the Pearl Harbor attack, and that of Chinese improved. However, in 1949, the attitude towards Japanese surged because of democratization, and that towards Chinese slumped as a result of the Korean war.  
3.	The 1960s: With the renewal of immigrant law, more Korean entered America. At the same time, Asian-Americans were renamed as a model minority against African and Latino to rebut the claim of discrimination. By acknowledging Asians' success, availability of the American Dream is proved. As a result, the relative failure of other minority groups could only be attributed to their own deficiencies.   
4.	The 1980s: The United States was faced with external threats (globally industrialization, new economic superpowers, trade depict, Vietnam defeat and Iran crisis) and national barriers (economic isolation, wealth concentration and monopoly capitalism). When the blacks get more severely unemployed, president Reagan again established Asian-American as an example of traditional values which, as claimed, can cure all socioeconomic problems.  
 
Question:  
I don’t agree with the solution provided in the paper.  
As mentioned, the goal of media is to maximize profit, refers to offering information that is already familiar in structure and form. In this circumstance, the stereotype can only be consolidated by the caution of mass media and film industry. Even worst, On the conclusion part, the paper attributed changes in race discourse to the acknowledgement of the past.   
From my outline above, it’s clear that the image of Asian-Americans, no matter specified with certain nationality or described as Pan-Asian, has a positive relation with international relations between America and Asian countries. Therefore, only looking back to the past can never be a fundamental panacea. Only by increasing trading advantage and influence on the global stage can the inequality erased.  


## wk3 05-28  
1.	is the game’s characteristics actually some kind of reflection of the racism in the fact? Why is the White always regarded as the privileged?  

2.	The yellow-facing in the stage of White-oriented society can be compared to the time when the female was prohibited to show on the stage. As a result, all the kabuki was played by male, even for female characters. This can be regarded as a superior and inferior opinion, but why did this action come into reality? Was it because the Asian lacked the necessary charm to mainstream of the society? But this can be contradicted by visits of porn sites with only Asian photos. I think the most possible reason is the disapprove of different races.  


## wk4 05-29  
I mixed two syndromes, gook syndrome and Calley-Reeve syndromes. I wonder if they are opposite, one for the perpetrator who hates male Asians while has sexual desire for female Asians?  

The phenomenon of seeking brides in less developed Southeast Asian countries has been observed an increase in China these days. And in China, there is also a perspective similar to that of “the last group of people that can make men be men”, referring to urban citizens, or male dwelling in more developed areas, seek for brides from the countryside, claiming that those female are supposed to be more obliged, better at housework, and more “Lotus Blossom” like.   

Also, the “internalization” reminds me of another phenomenon, called Samuel-Wolf hypothesis, namely one’s character can be influenced by the language s/he is using. Maybe this can be a reason besides social manners.  

## wk5 06-04

To what extent is it possible to be attracted to Asian women without succumbing to yellow fever? Is there a cure or vaccine?  

The feeling of being attracted, in this situation, can be sketched as a spectrum. On one end is the attractiveness of personality, on the other end is the race. As long as the dating desire with a certain Asian woman comes from more on characteristic rather than race, the person can be excluded from yellow fever.  

The vaccine is defining one’s personal preferences, not only on gender and race that are born-with, but also characteristic features. And before the decision of dating, self-asking whether this desire continues if this person is of another race is the cure.  

Why white men and Asian women seek for different features in the relationship?  
	Asian women have been long oppressed, with the amount of freedom much less than white female, not to mention feminists. In relationships with white men, Asian women are enjoying more freedom than dating with males of the same race.  
	For example, in both Asian relationships, the Asian female is expected to do laundry 7 days a week. However, in a relationship with a white male, even doing housework 5 days a week is considered liberal for the Asian female but submissive for the white male.  

